Add non-breaking spaces between adjacent spans in EyebrowBanner (#1087)
primer/brand: .changeset/witty-roses-attack.md

---
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> Added non-breaking spaces between adjacent spans in EyebrowBanner component to prevent adjacent text from being announced without a pause by some screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added visually-hidden, non-breaking spaces between each text item in the `EyebrowBanner` component. This improves announcements in screen readers, where they would previously be announced without a pause.
```
